docs(domains&dns): how to transfer external domain MTA-2503 (#1136)
scaleway/docs-content: network/domains-and-dns/how-to/transfer-external-domain.mdx

    </Message>
6. Check the box confirming you accept to be debited.
7. Click **Transfer domain**. Once your domain transfer is approved, your domain will display in your **Internal Domains** tab.

## How to transfer a .com domain

1. Click **Domains and DNS** in the **Network** section of the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com) side menu. The Domains and DNS dashboard displays. Click **Register a new domain**:
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-register_new_domain.webp" alt="" />
2. Enter the domain name you wish to transfer in the box and click the search icon to verify the domain is available. A selection of available domain names displays.
3. Click **Transfer** next to the domain name you wish to transfer. A screen displays to help you prepare your transfer.
    <Message type="important">
        - You must have administrative rights to manage and unlock your domain for transfers.
        - You must have the authorization code to initiate the transfer.
        - Your domain must have been registered at least 60 days ago or renewed for more than 45 days.

>         - Your domain expires in at least 2 weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Your domain must not expire for a minimum of 2 weeks.
```

    </Message>
4. Click **Initiate transfer** once you are ready to proceed.
5. Enter your authorization code and click **Configure registrant contact**.
    <Message type="tip">

>      You can find your authorization code under your domain information or by asking for it directly to your current registrar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     You can find your authorization code under your domain information or by asking your current registrar for it directly.
```

---
meta:
  title: How to transfer an external domain
  description: This page explains how to transfer an external domain name with Scaleway Domains and DNS.
content:
  h1: How to transfer an external domain
  paragraph: This page explains how to transfer an external domain name with Scaleway Domains and DNS.
tags: external-domain domain dns
dates:
  validation: 2022-03-01
  posted: 2022-03-01
categories:
  - network
---

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have entered your credit card information on your account
  - You have external domains
  - You have requested the authorization code to transfer your domain from your registrar
</Message>

## How to transfer .fr and .be domains

> 1. Click **Domains and DNS** in the **Network** section of the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com) side menu. The Domains and DNS dashboard displays. Click **Register a new domain**:

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above → "Register new domain" without the "a".

3. Click **Transfer** next to the domain name you wish to transfer. A screen displays to help you prepare your transfer.
    <Message type="important">
        - You must have administrative rights to manage and unlock your domain for transfers.
        - You must have the authorization code to initiate the transfer.
        - Your domain must have been registered at least 60 days ago or renewed for more than 45 days.
        - Your domain expires in at least 2 weeks.
    </Message>
4. Click **Initiate transfer** once you are ready to proceed.
5. Enter your authorization code and click **Validate**. Your order summary displays.
    <Message type="tip">
     You can find your authorization code under your domain information or by asking for it directly to your current registrar.
    </Message>
6. Check the box confirming you accept to be debited.
7. Click **Transfer domain**. Once your domain transfer is approved, your domain will display in your **Internal Domains** tab.

## How to transfer domains with other extensions

> 1. Click **Domains and DNS** in the **Network** section of the [Scaleway Console](https://console.scaleway.com) side menu. The Domains and DNS dashboard displays. Click **Register a new domain**:

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above → "Register new domain" without the "a".
